## First day of classes

### 9AM -> Overview of Computer Workshop (Section B2)
- Basic definition of a computer.
- Can store more information, operate faster, has good control over processing and calculates faster than us.
- Vacuum tubes(ENIAC) -> Transistors -> Integrated Circuits -> Very large scale integration (VLSI) -> Ultra large scale integration (ULSI) (current) -> AI (Future)
- Drastic change from first to second generation -- Size reduced, batch processing and multi processing introduced, assembly language used along with machine language.

&nbsp

### 10AM -> Digital Logic Design (Section B)
- Objective- fundamental of logic design -> number system -> analog or digital signals
- Unit 4 and 5 highly mathematical
-  Analog systems have time-varying signals(continuous), Digtal Systems have discrete values(0 and 1).
-  M. Morris Mano (book)

&nbsp
### 11AM -> Discrete Structures & Matrix Algebra (Section B)
- About 60% Discrete Mathematics
- Book -- Discrete Mathematics and its Applications by Kenneth H. Rosen (7th or 8th edition)
- First 35 min for basic rules of class and some faq.
- Logic is important to create proofs for all the programs/algorithms in computer science.
- Propositional logic - a formal mathematical 'language' for precise reasoning. Study of different proof methods and strategies for development of some custom methods.

&nbsp
### 2PM lab session for DLD -> 
Introduction to logisim
- Install logisim from sourceforge/projects/circuit
- Lab has continuous assessment
- 0-2.5 V low(0) ; 2.5 and above high(1)
- Open - 0 - Logic 0 - Low
- High - 1 - Logic 1 - High