#Thursday 
### 10 AM  - #CP 
- Yashavant Kanetkar - Let Us C
- Brian W kernighan - The C Programing Language, 2nd ed
- Should do computations, take some input which can be of any kind, store that input, run all the necessary calculations and computations, and give some information as output. 

&nbsp

### 11 AM - #OCW
- Von Newmann Architecture suggested in 1945
- Should have these key components : Memory, CPU, I/O
- CPU == Registers, ALU, Control Unit, Clock, Cache
- ALU is the arithmetic and logic unit, acts as the gateway between primary and secondary storage
- Registers are type of memory(fastest) used for storing temporary data
- Control unit -> timing and controlling resources
- Primary Storage - Ram, linked to CPU first, Volatile memory since it will be erased once the computer is switched off.
- Secondary Storage - SSD, Non-Volatile since this is a permanent storage.
- CU gives instructions to transfer flow around the system
- Clock works together with the CU to coordinate time based tasks. Gives the timing signal that syncs all data transfers. Clock rate is measured in Hertz.
- In the 1980s, clocks ran at 3-5 MHz, while now they are usually running at 3-5GHz
- Cache memory (SRAM) used to increase efficiency (throughput/cpu utilization) and accuray of the processor. Some of the memory is duplicated in the cache memory, which is slightly slower but of much greater capacity than the registers, and we do so because it will be faster than the main memory(and smaller).
- If a program is required frequently by the system, it will be duplicated in the cache so that the cpu doesn't have to access the primary memory regularly.

Register (Internal)-> Cache(Internal) -> Main Memory(Primary) -> Magnetic Disks(HDD or SSD here)(Secondary) -> Magnetic Tapes(Secondary) ::: Increasing order of access time ::: Decreasing cost ::: Size/capacity increasing ::: Processor use (memory access) decreasing // In the direction of arrow.
- Register is really expensive, hence it is not used everywhere. So a register is typically 8bit or 16bit sized. Fastest on all forms of computers.
- Cache might be in KB or MB, also expensive.
- Registers contain information that the ALU needs to carry out operations on.

&nbsp

### 12 PM - #DLD
- Binary number system
- Octal number system

&nbsp

### 2 PM - #OCW lab
- Looking at computer components
- Components usually run on 12V, current can vary
- SMPS (Switch Mode Power Supply) converts AC to DC and makes the voltage constant.
- Those broad clip type connectors are all power supply connectors.
- Battery on the motherboard for clock.
- If ram is not connected properly or not working, the system won't turn on and will continue to beep.
- REPORT -> Who built these, in which year, some characteristics in 1-2 pages about ENIAC(1st generation), IBM1401(2nd gen), IBM360 & Honeywell6000 (both 3rd generations).
- ENIAC src https://www.pbs.org/transistor/science/events/eniac.html/
- IBM 1401 src https://www.ibm.com/ibm/history/ibm100/us/en/icons/mainframe/
- IBM System/360 and Honeywell 6000 have inconsistent