### 9 AM - FHVE
- Sangachadwam - Move together.
- Quality of your life depends on your state of mind.
- Intellectual Listening(Only hearing what we want), Emotional Listening, Manana(Sincere and Prayerful listening) - Listen and ask questions(being sincere while listening).
- Q1 - What is it that you want in your life? => Learn Piano.
- Q2 - List all the bothers in your life. => None really. Maybe my ADHD?
- Q3 - What do you expect to gain from this course? => Nothing really, I already have the necessary soft skills. Maybe improving them? Not really sure.
- Body -> Breath -> Mind -> Intellect -> Memory -> Ego -> Self :: Apparently the seven levels of existence.
- Food, sleep, breath, calm happy meditative state of mind.

### 11 AM - DLD
- Use of hexadecimal - Microprocessors, Assembly language.
- Number conversions.
- Binary addition and subtraction.

### 12 PM & 3 PM - DSMA
- 2 compound logical statements are equivalent if they have equivalent truth tables.
- p->q is 	q whenever p, equivalent to ~pvq
- Contrapositive of p->q is ~q->~p, equivalent to the original conditional.
- Converse of p->q is q->p, of course these two aren't logically equivalent.
- Inverse of p->q is ~p->~q, which is the contrapositive of, and therefore equivalent to, converse.
- **Inverse and converse are equal.**
- "India loses(q) whenever it plays abroad(p)." conditional statement :: contrapositive (~q->~p)-- "If India doesn't lose then it isn't playing abroad." :: converse(q->p) -- "If India loses then it plays abroad" :: inverse(~p->~q) -- "If India doesn't play abroad it never loses"
- p <-> q (biconditional /if and only if) is true when both have same truth values, equivalent to (p->q)^(q->p), can be termed "p is necessary and sufficient for q" or "p if and only if (iff) q" or "if p then q and conversely".
- Precedence :   ~, ^, v, ->, <->