### 10 AM - CP
- Machine language == Object code == Binary
- Compiler, interpreter, assembler, linker, loader and programing language basics.
- Linker combines all source code files with the runtime library to create an executable program.
- `gcc 1.out 2.out -o "combined"` This will not work on m1 macs, not without using xcode.
- Loader runs the Unix executable file. It loads the executable code into memory.
- Assembly Language is a Symbolic Language, used heavily with microprocessor programming.
- Assembler converts symbolic code into machine code.
- C is a procedural language.
- FORTRAN (Formula Translation) is used for weather forcasting.
- COBOL (COmmon Business Oriented Language) still used in coporations for fast data access.
- Pascal was developed to teach structured programs.
- Ada allows real-time processing.

### 11 AM - OCW
- Data, address and control bus in a bit more detail.
- Width of address bus determines memory capacity, usually 16, 20, 24... signal lines.
- say width = 8bit, memory capacity = 2^8 BYTES (can locate these many bytes).
- 1 word is 1 byte.
- Typical control signals - memory read/write, IO read/write.
- I/O interface: Direct communication b/w IO devices and processor is not possible due to difference in operational method and speed difference. These differences are synchronized by an interface connected between these devices and processor.
- Ports communicate with system for information receipt.
- MotherBoard: Have name ending in ATX(Advance technology extended) or ITX(Information technology extended)
- Most of the terms only require the basic definition for exams.

### 12 AM - DLD
- Binary Coded Decimal (BCD), used for 7 segment displays(calculators).

### 2 PM - OCW lab
- Understanding disk(HDD) architecture.
- Multiple disks coated with magnetic material for storing data.
- Platters x Surfaces x Tracks x Sectors x data == capacity. Usually, data capacity of a sector is either 512kb or 1mb.
- Different types of computers based on size(workstation, super, micro)(1 or 2 line about them).
- Name and location of 5 super computers.
- Types of monitors(1 or 2 lines).
- Types of hard disks: PATA, SATA, SCSI, SSD, NVME.
- Maximum 3 pages(Average of 2).