#Tuesday
### 9 AM - #FHVE
- Of course everything in this course is pseudo science.
- Breathing in and out in the present moment.
- Handle emotions through breath to be happy and healthy.
- Ujay breathing (simply breathing in and out with some sound).
- Breating in to energize, outgoing breath relaxes.
- 90% of toxins released through breath but we use only 30% of lung capacity.
- Happy and relaxed- long and cool breath; Angry/stressed- short and warm breath.
- Vajrasana.
- Pranayama: Breathe in -> hold -> breathe out -> hold. Use Ujay breathing.
- 3 stage pranayama: open 3 lobes of lungs.
- Bhastrika type of pranayama: exhale forcefully.
- Sounds (aaaa, oooooo, hmmmm) to observe vibrations in the naval, chest and upper part of the body respectively. Combine to chant OM.
- Creative, maintaining and transformative energy.

### 11 AM - #DLD
- Start of unit 2: Boolean algebra.
- Closure is a set which has every possible value of answer and the applied variables in it.
- Eg -> 2+3=5 for this the set {1,2,3,4} is not closed since 5 is not here.
- Commutative, distributive, identity law; Proving some theorems and postulates
- xx' = 0, x+x' = 1

### 12 PM - #DSMA
- Propositional function P(x) is a predicate and it turns into a proposition when assigned a value.
- Universal quantifier(for all symbol, remember as AND) and existential quantifier.
- Universal quantifier - "P(x) is true for all x"
- Counter example is a value for which "P(x) for all values of x" is false. 
- Existential quantifier - "There exists an element x in the domain such that P(x) is true", hence if any one of the values gives true, this quantifier is true. Remember as OR.
- Binding variables.

### 3 PM - #DSMA
- Nested quantifiers and the related properties.
- P and Q are equivalent iff they have the same truth values for any domain and for any predicate assigned to them.
- Negation of universal and existential quantifiers
- Uniqueness quantifier: !