#Wednesday 
### 9 AM - #OCW 
- Focus on cellular networks(800MHz to 900MHz or 1.8GHz-1.9GHz or 2.4 to 2.6 GHz).
- In a standard FM broadcasting, frequency ranges between 88 to 108 MHz.
- Unlike FM which uses a single high power transmitter, we use multiple low power transmitters for cellular communication.
- Wireless Communication by T Rappaport, 1st and 2nd chapter.
- Neighbouring cells don't recieve sister bandwidth, usually due to interference.
- Co-channel reuse ratio (Q) is the ratio of distance between cell towers to the radius of a cell.
- Co-channel interference ratio is a function of Q: higher Q means lower interference.

Higher values of “Q”

-   Reduces co-channel interference,
-   Leads to higher value of “N” more cells/cluster,
-   Less number of channels/cells,
-   Less traffic handling capacity.

Lower values of “Q”

-   Increases co-channel interference,
-   Leads to lower value of “n” fewer cells / cluster,
-   More number of channels / cells,
-   More traffic handling capacity.

- i signifies the straight unit distance to another cell block, j is then the distance to another cell at 120 degrees.
- S/I (signal to interference ratio) should at least be 20db.
- A cluster of cells is basically the number of cells consuming the entire bandwidth, after which reuse occurs.
- Co-channel cells are the same numbered cells(on same frequency channels) in different cell clusters.

### 10 AM - #DLD 
- Boolean function circuits using mux
- 8x1 mux using 4x1 mux
- Started Demux

### 11 AM - #DSMA 
- A relation from A to B is any subset R of AxB, containing some ordered pairs
- pg 574
- A function can be represented as a relation by ordered pairs (x, f(x))
- (a,b) belong to R can be shown as aRb
- Properties of relations
- Reflexive relation: R on set A is reflexive if (a,a) belongs to R for any a belonging to A.
- Symmetric relation: if (a,b) belongs to R and (b,a) also belongs to R. Note that if a relation is antisymmetric, (a,b) and (b,a) will only belong to R when a=b
- Transitive relation: If (a,b) belongs to R and (b,c) belongs to R, (a,c) belongs to R


### 2 PM - #DLD lab
- Binary counter using flip flops
- n bit counter counts from 0 to 2^n -1
- 3 bit synchronous up and down counters
- Ripple (4bit) counter: Asynchronous up counter