#Tuesday 
### 9 AM - #FHVE
- When will you be happy? 
- What will make you happy? 

### 11 AM - #DLD 
- Starting with Overflow: Happens when both binary numbers are positive or negative.
- Timing diagram of a gate/ digital circuit.
- Positive or Negative stagger when input transitions from low to high or from high to low, Propagation delay for output generation
- Gate-level minimization using KMap

### 12 PM - #DSMA
- Resolution, important for competitive programing
- Clause is disjunction of variables(Sample set), or the variables (or negation of) themselves.
- Conjunctive normal form is conjunction of clauses.
- CNF and resolution is enough to infer.
- Universal modus ponens and tollens.
- Q-> If today is Tuesday, I have a test in computer science or a test in economics. If my economics professor is sick, then I will not have a test in economics. Today is Tuesday and my economics professor is sick. Therefore I have a test in computer science.
- Started Proofs
- A lemma is a less important theorem that is helpful in the proof of other results.
- A corollary is a theorem that can be established directly from a theorem that has been already proven.
- A conjecture is a statement that is being proposed to be a true statement, usually on the basis of some partial evidence, a heurestic argument or the experience of an expert.
- Proof techniques.

### 3 PM - #DSMA 
- Proof techniques
- Direct proof and Proof by contrapositive
- Vacuous Proof (prove p->q is true by showing p is false), Trivial Proof (prove p->q is true by showing q is true).
- Proof by contradiction **pg81(107)**